This version of TechScore is a licensed product for the Intercollegiate Sailing
Association (ICSA). It is meant to be used EXCLUSIVELY by ICSA and the coaches
and staff of any of the schools in any of the conferences associated with it. As
an approved user of TechScore, you must consider the following points:

1. TechScore is a PUBLIC scoring system. Any actions you take are publicly
published to the world via the Internet in real time. As such, it is every
user's responsibility to make sure that TechScore as a whole reflects the utmost
professionalism.

2. ONLY SCORE OFFICIAL REGATTAS. To score non-official regattas, use any offline
based scoring software, such as TechScore-Desktop, available for free at
http://techscore.sourceforge.net.

3. Personal regattas are only meant for training. If you would like to test a
feature without publishing to the web, you can create a personal regatta in this
version of TechScore. Please note, however, that personal regattas will be
automatically deleted after every season. The TechScore administration reserves
the right to delete personal regattas without prior notice, although every
attempt will be made to notify the scorers ahead of time.

4. Every user (you) is RESPONSIBLE FOR THEIR SCHOOL'S DATA. It is assumed that
you or someone from your school will actively maintain the information specific
to your school, including merging temporary sailors (those not found in the ICSA
database at the time of the events), uploading a clean copy of the team burgee
to use, and assigning the correct team names to be used at different
events. Failure to do so affects TechScore as a whole under the provisions of
rule 1 above.

In order to make this project a success, you are asked to score EVERY fleet
racing college regatta using this program. Any questions about TechScore, you
can remit to ICSA.
